Feature/mtm 56466 asset type dasboards (#1846)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/cockpit/using-widgets-bundle/modifying-widgets.md

### To modify a widget {#to-modify-a-widget}

> Widgets can only be modified if the dashboard/report is in edit mode. To enter edit mode click either on **Edit widgets** or **General settings** in the top menu bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Widgets can only be modified if the dashboard/report is in edit mode. To enter the edit mode click either **Edit widgets** or **General settings** in the top menu bar.
```

Widgets may be rearranged on the dashboard/report. By dragging and dropping you can move the widget to another position.

### To edit the widget properties {#to-edit-the-widget-properties}

> To edit the properties of a widget first enter edit mode by clicking on **Edit widgets** in the top menu bar. Afterwards, click the cogwheel icon at the top right corner of the widget and from the context menu select **Edit**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit the properties of a widget first enter the edit mode by clicking **Edit widgets** in the top menu bar. Then click the cogwheel icon at the top right corner of the widget and from the context menu select **Edit**.
```

Reviewer 2: @BeateRixen Yes

Reviewer: So this PR will probably conflict with your changes then. @eniosultan note that Diana added icon images for all icons recently.

Author: @BeateRixen  I resolved the conflicts and adjusted them accordingly. Most of the icons I had to remove as we use text buttons instead. E.g. There is no longer just a + button when adding a dashboard, it's now called "Add dashboard". Lock/unlock was removed and we now just use "Edit Widgets" or "General Settings" to update the dashboard...

> To edit the properties of a widget first enter edit mode by clicking on **Edit widgets** in the top menu bar. Afterwards, click the cogwheel icon at the top right corner of the widget and from the context menu select **Edit**.

Author: ```suggestion
To edit the properties of a widget first enter edit mode by clicking on **Edit widgets** in the top menu bar. Afterwards, click the cogwheel <i class="dlt-c8y-icon-settings text-muted icon-20"></i> at the top right corner of the widget and from the context menu select **Edit**.
```

> To edit the properties of a widget first enter edit mode by clicking on **Edit widgets** in the top menu bar. Afterwards, click the cogwheel <i class="dlt-c8y-icon-settings text-muted icon-20"></i> at the top right corner of the widget and from the context menu select **Edit**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To edit the properties of a widget first enter edit mode by clicking on **Edit widgets** in the top menu bar. Afterwards, click the settings icon <i class="dlt-c8y-icon-settings text-muted icon-20"></i> at the top right corner of the widget and from the context menu select **Edit**.
```

> To edit the properties of a widget first enter edit mode by clicking on **Edit widgets** in the top menu bar. Afterwards, click the settings icon <i class="dlt-c8y-icon-settings text-muted icon-20"></i> at the top right corner of the widget and from the context menu select **Edit**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit the properties of a widget first enter the edit mode by clicking **Edit widgets** in the top menu bar. Then click the settings icon <i class="dlt-c8y-icon-settings text-muted icon-20"></i> at the top right corner of the widget and from the context menu select **Edit**.
```

### To remove a widget {#to-remove-a-widget}

> To remove a widget from a dashboard or report first enter the edit mode by clicking **Edit widgets** in the top menu bar. Then click the cogwheel <i class="dlt-c8y-icon-settings text-muted icon-20"></i> at the top right corner of the widget and from the context menu select **Remove**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To remove a widget from a dashboard or report first enter the edit mode by clicking **Edit widgets** in the top menu bar. Then click the settings icon <i class="dlt-c8y-icon-settings text-muted icon-20"></i> at the top right corner of the widget and from the context menu select **Remove**.
```
